README.md, before:

# Microsoft Quantum Development Kit Samples and Libraries #

Welcome to the Microsoft Quantum Development Kit!

This repository contains open-source libraries for the [Quantum Development Kit](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/quantum/?view=qsharp-preview):

- **[Docs/](./Docs)**: Additional documentation for developing on the libraries and samples. Please see [QDK online documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/) for online documentation. 
- **[Canon/](./Canon)**: Q# sources used to implement [the canon](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/libraries/intro) portion of the Q# standard library.
- **[LICENSE](./LICENSE.txt)**: Terms of use and license details for the Quantum Development Kit libraries and samples.

## New to Quantum? ##

See [introduction to quantum computing](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/quantum-concepts-1-intro) provided with the Quantum Development Kit.

## Getting Started ##

The libraries provided in this repository are built using [.Net Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/) and the
[Quantum Development Kit](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/quantum/?view=qsharp-preview).
Please see the [installation guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/quantum-installconfig) for how to get up and running.

## Build Status ##

| branch | status    |
|--------|-----------|
| master | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Microsoft/Quantum.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Microsoft/Quantum) |


## Feedback ##

We are collecting feedback for the entire Microsoft Quantum Development Kit
at [user voice](https://quantum.uservoice.com/). Please leave your suggestions,
requests and bugs (or praises!) there.


## Contributing ##

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

README.md: pointer to chem libs and docs added (#2)
* pointer to chem libs and docs added

* C# added

* removed Samples reference from title

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Quantum Development Kit Libraries #

Welcome to the Microsoft Quantum Development Kit!

This repository contains open-source libraries for the [Quantum Development Kit](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/quantum/?view=qsharp-preview):

- **[Docs/](./Docs)**: Additional documentation for developing on the libraries and samples. Please see [QDK online documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/) for online documentation. 
- **[Canon/](./Canon)**: Q# sources used to implement [the canon](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/libraries/intro) portion of the Q# standard library.
- **[Chemistry/](./Chemistry)**: Q# and C# sources used to implement a library for [quantum chemistry](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/libraries/chemistry) and Hamiltonian simulation. 
- **[LICENSE](./LICENSE.txt)**: Terms of use and license details for the Quantum Development Kit libraries and samples.

## New to Quantum? ##

See [introduction to quantum computing](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/quantum-concepts-1-intro) provided with the Quantum Development Kit.

## Getting Started ##

The libraries provided in this repository are built using [.Net Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/) and the
[Quantum Development Kit](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/quantum/?view=qsharp-preview).
Please see the [installation guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/quantum-installconfig) for how to get up and running.

## Build Status ##

| branch | status    |
|--------|-----------|
| master | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Microsoft/Quantum.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Microsoft/Quantum) |


## Feedback ##

We are collecting feedback for the entire Microsoft Quantum Development Kit
at [user voice](https://quantum.uservoice.com/). Please leave your suggestions,
requests and bugs (or praises!) there.


## Contributing ##

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
